# Final Project Proposal

## Group Member:

William Chen

## Intentions:

A problem that I sometimes face is transferring files from computer to computer, especially large ones that may take a long time to upload to a central server and download elsewhere. This project aims to rectify this by allowing direct computer to computer file transfer via the web browser.

## Intended usage:

After starting the server on one of thir computers, the user can can navigate to the IP of the server on their web browser on another computer. They can use the provided webpage (basically just a list of the available files) to either download the available files, upload a file, or delete the file. These files are held on the server and any change by the client will be reflected in the filesystem of the server.

## Technical Details:

The server is going to be a forking server which listens for HTTP requests.

When it recieves a GET request for a certain file (say "foo.txt"), it'll send the given file back. However, if the target resource is blank, it'll assume the client wants the main page and send it instead.

The Main Page (the list of files) will be generated by updating a pre-existing HTML file. All the server will do is change the contents of a table which lists all the files in the current directory (via dirent and readdir). Every time a change is made (a file is added or deleted), the server will update the file. A semaphore will make sure that multiple writes at the same time don't happen. 

## Intended pacing:
(Note: Dates are inclusive, so 1/7-1/8 is two days)

1/6 - Just getting the server to work and show HTML 

1/7 - Sending files from server to client 

1/8 - Recieving files from client to server

1/9-1/11 - Adding the dynamic Main Page
